hi guys I've got a new fifa 11 glitch or
ultimate ii and basically what this is
is it changes you get a cool care that's
they can see it's can't see and it
changes when you pair mind it changes
getting to that and you have quite bad
tingling but that doesn't really matter
that only works that only happens if you
use this kit and also it changes the
names of your players for like 4 1 match
when that happens when you play offline
though online it stays the same online
you just get the kit and you get that
name yellow change it see that's money
no then it's kicking the very sorry only
reason and yes I'm just going to play it
or I'm going to play a flight and show
you something it does work online this
is ps3 only don't think it works and
it's once I haven't tried it so might if
this can get to say 500 likes already
placed a tutorial sorry for the quality
is my phone because I'm going from bears
football with I fucking got corn or
something up uh sure i'll show you care
it closing them but I'm Imelda my
fighter one huh so it's not hot
but if you can see it's pink and pink
and blue checkered care this would be
better this year right okay so look at
that you've got pink and blue checkered
kid yeah and that's right you know you
can rattle which is a bit with oh yeah
so basically if you want me to do it for
you just leave me a message with your
PSN d does not I'll go on and put the
kit for you the only thing is it's going
to cost you 150 coins but because after
all your art on your ultimate team to
the unfoldment into it and it will it
will cost you 150 unequal to 150 coins
only because you need to buy a kit of a
team I will tell you which team but yeah
there's a team you need to buy their kit
and then you do something offline and
then we buy that can use an ultimate aim
it shows up as this match
so yeah route 5 stars like i'll probably
get better same better throw up all over
no posted tutorial on how to do this
okay bye